# EXPERIMENT-BackgammonZoneServers
My little journey on reverse engineering the way Microsofts Servers for Internet Backgammon communicated and made a match. (THIS IS EXPERIMENTAL STATE, THERE COULD BE RIGHT INFORMATION OR MISINFORMATION!)

So, first i will welcome anyone who is going to give their free time to help and make the server and return nostalgia of Windows XP. <3

The folder which is named "нотес" (serbian-cirillic font saying literally "notes") and it will have about 5 .txt files where i reversed specific .dlls and wrote every function the ghidra could decode into (full or partically understandable) text or messages like those for errors or communication. These are named and comments are also written in serbian since, well, i never thought it would be publically shared like this README you are reading and probably wondering why is it .md instead of .txt XD. So you should translate to understand some of the comment about part of code/functions.

You would also probably find .py files and one .css file which are my prototype servers. I will go right and say it, its a DISASTER of coding. Why? Even though i did pretty much good job on reverse engineering with ghidra, i lack a crutial step of all this experiment. I have no idea how to code.... I did learn some C++ in Basic school(here we dont have those junior, elementary, middle, high schools etc.) but i forgot and had many functions i never understood no matter how much i tired to understand it. Thats how i probably messed up those codes and eventually gave up with it.
How did i eventually wrote everything? Because i didnt. I send every part or function to ChatGPT and had him code it in python. I just copied the code and tested everything that happened like what did client in VM(where i got files from Windows XP and tested the game connection to my server) send to my HOST(Windows 10 where i coded and started the server) machine and decoding the sent packed and checking will the client eventually go from loop of "Connecting to the game server" (which probably expects an answer from server which we still didnt completly reversed but we may have either temporary one or part of it.) to "Looking for X(like beginner, interdimiate, expert) players..." which could then help us know later what server have to do to connect both players and to keep connection to have both players load theirs bckg.dll and bckgres.dll for a match and keep connection until either one of both players left, surrender, beat the opponent or split the victory/points.
So far on this journey was a user rozniak which was able to finish the handshake process of changing state of the program that i mentioned above this. He helped me a lot and explained like, how the perfectly decoded first message of handshake from client is like "ZoNe" or something similar that i was also able to decode. Also he lend me the XOR key that somewhat came in handy somewhere in the code. if you would like to support him search rozniak or just go to his work similar to this named "ZRev-master" he is open to help me about reversing.

I would love to restart this project if i only had skill to code but until that i will share this to anyone who knows to code or something. The reason i did all in .py is just that i didnt know how to download C++ and to insert binaries or something without problems. I just hope all this will work or make to the chosen person who knows about this and coding.
